Add new changefeed DB Console graphs (#18011)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.2/ui-cdc-dashboard.md

## Emitted Bytes

This graph shows the number of bytes emitted by CockroachDB into the changefeed's [downstream sink]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/changefeed-sinks.md %}).

<img src="{{ 'images/v23.2/ui-emitted-bytes.png' | relative_url }}" alt="DB Console Emitted Bytes Graph showing the time and emitted bites" style="border:1px solid #eee;max-width:100%" />

Metric | Description
--------|----
**Emitted Bytes** | The number of bytes emitted by CockroachDB into the configured changefeed sinks.

## Sink Counts

This graph displays data relating to the number of messages and flushes at the changefeed sink.

- The number of messages that CockroachDB sent to the sink.
- The number of flushes that the sink performed for changefeeds.

<img src="{{ 'images/v23.2/ui-sink-counts.png' | relative_url }}" alt="DB Console Sink Counts graph" style="border:1px solid #eee;max-width:100%" />

Metric | Description
--------|----
**Messages** | The number of messages that CockroachDB sent to the downstream sink.
**Flushes** | The total number of flushes to the sink.

## Max Checkpoint Latency

> This graph displays the most any changefeed's persisted [checkpoint]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/how-does-an-enterprise-changefeed-work.md %}) is behind the present time. Larger values indicate issues with successfully ingesting or emitting changes. If errors cause a changefeed to restart, or the changefeed is [paused]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/pause-job.md %}) and unpaused, emitted data up to the last checkpoint may be re-emitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This graph displays the maximum time by which any changefeed's persisted [checkpoint]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/how-does-an-enterprise-changefeed-work.md %}) is behind the present time. Larger values indicate issues with successfully ingesting or emitting changes. If errors cause a changefeed to restart, or the changefeed is [paused]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/pause-job.md %}) and unpaused, emitted data up to the last checkpoint may be re-emitted.
```

<img src="{{ 'images/v23.2/ui-max-checkpoint-latency.png' | relative_url }}" alt="DB Console Max Checkpoint Latency graph" style="border:1px solid #eee;max-width:100%" />

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> The maximum checkpoint latency is distinct from, and slower than, the commit-to-emit latency for individual change messages. For more information about resolved timestamps, see [Ordering guarantees]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/changefeed-messages.md %}#ordering-guarantees).

Reviewer: Is "commit-to-emit latency" the same as "commit latency" in the above graph? If so, for consistency, maybe use "commit latency".
